python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/BO_1.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/EUBO_1.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/RS_1.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/BO_2.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/EUBO_2.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/RS_2.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/BO_3.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/EUBO_3.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/RS_3.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/BO_4.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/EUBO_4.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/RS_4.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/BO_5.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/EUBO_5.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/RS_5.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/BO_6.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/EUBO_6.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/RS_6.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/BO_7.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/EUBO_7.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/RS_7.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/BO_8.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/EUBO_8.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/RS_8.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/BO_9.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/EUBO_9.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/RS_9.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/BO_10.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/EUBO_10.yaml
python main.py -vm --config experiment_configs/rbv2_xgb/RS_10.yaml
